[Payson] Previously on
Make It or Break It:
The new coach going to the World
Championships is Sasha Belov!
- [all cheering]
- I'm pregnant.
We don't have to wait
to have our happy ending.
We can just be together
right now.
- Summer Van Horn,
will you marry me?
- [Summer] Yes.
[Kaylie] Damon's label wants us
to record the song we wrote.
I was totally blocked until you
rescued me and this album.
Two people just click.
Damon and I kissed.
- We need to see Emily.
- She's on a bus to Las Vegas.
She decided to have the baby.
[man] So. Big day.
Returning to The Rock for
a National Team practice.
- How are you feeling?
- [Kaylie sighs]
It's going to be weird
without Emily there.
I feel like
this is all my fault.
That she had unprotected sex
and got pregnant?
How is that your fault?
I told her I kissed Damon.
I didn't know
that she was pregnant.
And I was just trying to be
honest and I told her it would
never happen again.
But she took off.
She quit gymnastics
and left town.
It sounds like you acted
with integrity.
And you're not
responsible for Emily's choices.
I guess. But seeing Emily
give up on this dream
made me realize how quickly
it can all slip away.
It made me realize
how much I want it.
- Worlds is a major event.
- Huge.
And girls who don't go to
Worlds don't go to the Olympics.
On top of which, I've already
missed six weeks of training.
You're not just
a little anxious?
A little.
But Sasha was named
National and World Team Coach.
And, um... I know
he's going to have my back,
and I know that
with him I can shine.
You can.
Trust yourself, Kaylie.
Your dream belongs to you
and no one can rob you of that.
[rock music]
This is more like it.
The Rock back on top
and our coach in charge.
[chuckles] Kelly Parker
must be in a tizzy.
Wonder if she'll even make
the World Team.
With Kaylie coming back,
Emily's spot's the only one
up for grabs.
Who cares. We three just need to
focus on each other right now.
The closer we get
to the Olympics,
the greater the stakes,
the higher the pressure,
the more we need
each other's support.
Mmm-hmm. Totally.
Hey, Max.
Is it true?
Emily's pregnant?
- [sighs] I heard she took off.
- Also, true.
But the good news is that
Kaylie's coming back today.
And she needs
everyone's support.
I don't know.
You really think she's ready?
Yes, I do. Austin, she's been
cleared by all of her doctors.
And she doesn't need you or
anyone messing with her self
confidence.
It's hard enough as
it is to make a comeback.
Believe me, I know.
So are you supporting
her return or not?
- Welcome home!
- Kaylie, you're back!
[Payson] It's so good
to see you!
[Lauren] Oh my God,
we missed you so much.
Just like old times.
The Three Musketeers.
Has anyone heard from Emily?
We can't dwell on what
might have been.
We've got to move forward.
That's right.
I mean, we're all still here.
Yeah. Now is not
the time to slack off.
We have to work
harder than ever.
Well, we can have
a tiny bit of fun.
I have great news.
Summer's getting married!
- To who?
- My dad,
thank you very much.
And those are the invites
to her shower.
But keep it on the DL,
it's a surprise.
I guess this means that
Summer's totally over Sasha?
Of course, she is.
The shower's next
Friday, at my house,
and the theme is "Pretty in
Pink." Won't that be fun?
[Lauren giggles]
I'm ready for you.
They are, I mean.
- Is there something else?
- What? No. Why?
It just seems like there's
something on your mind.
Oh, well, uh...
I'm happy, for you,
that the NGO finally
came around to realizing
that you're the right coach
for the National and World Team.
You deserve it.
I'm not entirely sure
I deserve it,
but I intend to be
worthy of it. Thank you.
Well, uh... Have a nice,
um, press conference.
[man] Kelly, looking good.
Great to have you back.
- [indistinct chattering]
- [camera shutters clicking]
Oh look,
Satan's spawn is here.
Poor Tessa, she's only 14.
[sighs] The young ones
make better disciples.
- Kaylie!
- Don't let her rattle you.
What a surprise to see
you back. How was rehab?
What are you talking about?
On your "ACL tear." What else
did you think I meant?
Kaylie's never been better.
Too bad they don't have rehab
for Emily's condition.
You're acting pretty cocky
considering you haven't even
made the World Team.
- [scoffs] I will.
- Don't be so sure.
Our coach is now in control
of this team.
And I think we all
know, he's not a fan.
[Sasha] If I can have
your attention?
I would like to thank the press
for coming today.
I'm very excited by this
National and World Team.
And I'm very honored to have
been chosen as their coach.
[woman] Coach Belov,
speaking of Worlds,
who's taking Emily Kmetko's
spot, now that she's quit?
Kelly Parker.
[gasps]
You were saying?
We see National Champion
Kaylie Cruz is here today.
Rumor has it
that her ACL has healed,
does this mean she'll be
competing at Worlds?
No. I'm sorry to announce,
Kaylie Cruz
will not be ready to
compete at Worlds.
[man] Who'll be replacing her?
I haven't made that
determination yet.
Next question.
And I think the results will
speak for themselves.
Thank you.
[Kaylie] Sasha!
I am ready,
that's why I'm back.
- You've been out
for six weeks, Kaylie.
- I need to go to Worlds.
No, what you need to do is keep
your focus on the Olympics.
- That's the goal.
- [Kaylie] If I don't compete
at Worlds,
the NGO won't even consider me
for the Olympic Team.
They've made exceptions
in the past.
But, I'm not an exception.
I'm the National Champ
and I earned my spot
on the World Team.
And if you go to Worlds
and perform poorly,
it will irrevocably hurt
your chances at the Olympics.
It's just simply more prudent
to play it safe.
Since when have you ever
played it safe?
Since I'm the
National Team Coach.
Look, I can't allow my affection
for you to cloud my judgment.
You need to trust me.
You will remain
on the National Team,
but you'll not
be going to Worlds.
Oh, excuse me.
He can't do this!
It's not fair!
How can he say your spot is up
for grabs? Kay, that's your
spot.
I trust Sasha,
if he doesn't
think I'm ready, then...
maybe I'm not.
No, all that matters
is what you think!
Trusting only what I thought,
almost killed me.
Sasha knew I had a problem
before, and I denied it.
I'm sorry if this is
hard for you, but my recovery
depends on accepting that
I can't be objective about
myself.
So, let's cut to the chase,
I'm not your favorite gymnast
and you're not
my favorite coach,
but why spend time
dwelling in the negative?
I am the former World Champion
so I'm counting on you
not to play favorites
with your Rock girls.
And since I'll be
the team captain,
I'll conduct all the
press-related interviews
because the fans want to follow
a star and well,
that's what I am.
Also, I think Tessa Grande
should fill Kaylie's spot.
She's young, talented
and has no ego issues.
Well, I'll take your
endorsement under consideration.
In the meantime, the girls will
pick their own team captain
and the press will interview
whomever they choose.
But you can rest assured
I have no intention
of playing favorites
with anyone,
including you.
You know, it really is
so sad about Emily,
but I hope you
don't feel responsible.
Even if you hadn't taken a
sudden leave of absence
I'm sure she still
would have lost her way.
[rock music]
What's the deal with Payson?
What do you mean?
I don't know.
She runs hot and cold.
At least
where I'm concerned.
Maybe because
you're all over Lauren.
Hey, she's all over me.
[Austin] Look, Lauren's hot,
I get it,
but if you want Payson, you're
going to have to pursue her.
If you want her to warm up
you're gonna have to give a
reason to.
Bust a move.
[Sasha] Can all National
Team members gather?
The next three days
are National Team practices.
And I know you're all curious
to find out
who's going to fill Kaylie's
spot on the World Team.
So am I.
It could be any one of you who
aren't already on the team.
So think of these next few
days as an audition.
At the end of which
I will invite two girls
to stay on with the World
Team to continue training.
And from those two girls, I'll
ultimately choose the winner
and who will be an alternate.
Here is a list of compulsories
for strength, flexibility,
and skill.
But they don't have
compulsories at Worlds.
These are my compulsories.
I'll use these
as a way to determine
which two girls stay
to compete for the final spot.
Now, one more thing.
An elite member of our team
has left us.
She left us because
she couldn't maintain the focus
or the discipline
this sport demands.
She wanted to do the sport
her way and not my way.
So is there anyone else,
standing right here, who feels
the need to do things their way?
If so, step forward.
Good. We're on
the same page then.
Get to work
on the compulsories.
I want to see them
executed flawlessly.
Sasha.
What am I supposed to do?
Light conditioning.
We need to focus
on building back your stamina,
so no skills right now,
not until I'm sure you're ready.
Is he serious
with all this conditioning?
I mean we're not
in the Army.
Poor Lauren,
are you afraid you
won't be able to keep up?
Luckily, Carter helped me
get ready,
so my endurance and
flexibility are perfect.
[sighs] I know
you're disappointed.
You just need to give it time,
be patient.
You and I both know
I don't have time to be patient.
The Olympics
are around the corner
and Worlds are
an important stepping stone.
If I'm sidelined too long...
[sighs]
...I might just be out.
So what are you gonna do?
[deep sigh]
I'm going to do it his way.
Do I have a choice?
Hey, I'll see you
at your house later.
Your dad's not coming
back till next week.
Oh, great!
How 'bout we order in tonight
and hit those bridal mags?
There's so many
decisions to make
starting with
picking out your dress.
And you need to
register, like ASAP,
in case someone
throws you a shower and...
OK, Lauren,
just relax, please.
There is no need
to rush this wedding,
your father and I, we
want to take our time...
Where's my ring?
Why aren't you wearing it?
You're not having
second thoughts, are you?
No, of course not.
Everything's fine.
I'm just waiting to tell
everyone in my own time.
Everyone? Everyone, like who?
Like Sasha?
Yes, like Sasha.
Well, if it's too awkward for
you then I can just do it.
No, that is
totally unnecessary.
Oh, and, um...
It is really
sweet of you,
but I absolutely do not
want a shower, it's just...
It's not my thing.
Oh, Mrs. Keeler!
What's this?
Just an invite to Summer's
surprise wedding shower.
Wow. This certainly
is a surprise.
I guess Summer said yes.
Of course she did.
Why wouldn't she?
In fact, she wants the wedding
to happen right away,
so forget the date
on that invite,
I'm moving her shower up
to this Friday instead of next.
OK then.
I'll be there.
[acoustic guitar]
What are you doing?
Uh, recording.
No, I mean, why are you here
and not with Emily?
Damon, what's going on?
How should I know?
She shows up at my door,
all excited about
how great this was,
and how we can finally have our
happily ever after now.
She didn't even ask me
what I wanted.
She says she's
gonna go home and pack.
And I never hear
from her again.
Well, have you tried
to call her?
Yeah, of course I have.
She won't answer my calls
and her mom says she doesn't
want to speak to me.
You know, I'm sick of
all these games.
- She left town.
- Wait, what? Why?
Because I told her we kissed.
I feel so horrible. I thought
I was doing the right thing.
I told her it didn't mean
anything but...
Wait, it didn't...
It didn't mean anything?
You need to go to her.
You have to make Chloe
tell you where she is.
You do want to know
where she is, don't you?
[rock music]
[Max] Hey!
I didn't know
you ran this trail.
[Payson] Actually, you did.
I told you I run this route
every morning
at exactly this time.
[Max] Yeah, I guess you did.
Look, I know you're
dating Lauren.
Who said I'm dating Lauren?
You guys are all over
each other at the gym
and I saw those pictures
you took of her.
You're obviously into her,
so go for it.
You have my blessing.
Just leave me out of
whatever game you're playing.
[music gets louder]
[Sasha] Great job, Lauren.
I think you have a real chance
to individually medal at Worlds.
And I think I have a very
special vault for you
that could make it gold.
Get down. Immediately.
I said you weren't ready
to work on any skills.
I know, I just thought
I'd do a simple...
I'm sorry,
it won't happen again.
It better not.
Sasha, that was
an elementary skill,
Kaylie can do that
in her sleep.
Aren't you being
overly cautious?
You girls have all proven
you don't know your own limits.
So for your own good,
it's my job to set them.
[Sasha] All right, let's see it.
So, Summer... anything new?
Nothing. Why?
No reason.
Just wondering if you had
any news about anything?
Look, I know you're engaged.
Who told you?
A little birdie named Lauren.
Oh, Kim, I'm so sorry,
of course I would have told you,
I just... I wasn't ready
to make the big announcement
with all the fuss people make.
Well, I hate to be
a party pooper here,
but I think you should know,
Lauren is throwing you
a surprise shower.
- Oh, no.
- This Friday.
Oh, I feel horrible, I told her
I didn't want a shower.
Well, it's obvious.
She's really excited about
having you as a stepmom.
I know. It's sweet.
How about you? Are you
excited about marrying Steve?
Yes. Of course.
Why wait to tell people then?
Unless "people"
are really Sasha?
I'm waiting for
the right moment.
Well, I hate to tell you,
but there really is never
a right moment
to tell a man you
deeply care for
that you're
marrying someone else.
May I come in?
You're angry.
Ya' think?
My seventeen-year-old
daughter is pregnant,
because you, who are nineteen,
didn't have common sense
to use protection!
I feel terrible about that.
Oh! You feel "terrible." Oh
well then, all's forgiven,
Damon.
- What do you want me to say?
- I want you to say
that you're going to take full
responsibility for your actions.
She's the one who ran away.
Because you kissed another girl.
After she broke up with me.
You think it's easy
loving Emily?
She has pushed me and pulled me
since the day that we met
and now she has some crazy idea
that being teen parents
is some sort of happy ending.
I have dreams too.
What about my album?
My career?
It's always about her.
Well, it's not about either
one of you anymore.
It's all about this baby now.
Emily's made her choice to have
this baby with or without you.
So, you need to
make your choice.
I'm not ready to be a father.
And She's not ready to be
a mother. But here we are.
[rock music]
What is wrong with you?
I'm sorry, I don't know why
I'm missing it.
Well, you better
figure it out and fast.
I need you
to get that spot.
I can't even look at you.
Hey, you're not that far off
from getting it,
you're releasing
a little early.
Wait until your
body just passes being parallel
to the ground. Then let go.
You'll make it every time.
Come on, give it a try,
I'll spot you.
[Kaylie] Come on, Tessa.
That's great!
- Yay, you got it!
- Thanks.
So, not only are you letting
your spot be taken away,
but now you're helping
to fill it?
Payson, I know you
don't understand.
You're right. If being honest
with everybody is part of your
recovery,
then I want you
to be honest with yourself.
Do you really think you can't
be physically ready for Worlds?
Sasha has the final word.
He does if you don't
put up a fight.
If you try and you're not ready,
then that's fine.
But don't sit
by the sidelines
and passively watch someone else
take your dream away.
Look, I don't think
I can trust myself.
How will you know
if you don't test yourself?
[door opens]
What is he doing here?
Uh, I'll be right back.
[sighs] Wow, what a tool.
First he knocks up Emily
and now, rumor has it,
he's hooking up with Kaylie.
In her fragile state?
It's absolutely shameful.
So, Emily's mom told me
where she is.
I'm going to be there for her,
and the baby.
You're doing the right thing.
And Damon, promise me that
you'll finish your album.
You can find a way to do both,
I know you can.
I don't know...
Damon, you were born to do this,
don't give up
on your dreams, not ever.
You have to fight for them.
I'll make you a deal, if I
promise to fight, will you?
OK. I promise.
Thank you, Kaylie,
for everything.
You are so special.
You made me believe
in myself again.
Come here.
- [Austin] Hey, Young!
- Austin, no!
What the hell is wrong with
you?! You already ruined one
girl's life!
You don't know
what you're talking about!
It's OK.
Maybe I deserved that.
Damn right you did.
Goodbye, Kaylie. Take care.
- What is wrong with you?!
- I'm protecting you.
I am not your sister!
Do you understand me?
I don't need you to save me!
I can take care of myself!
- You're still in recovery.
- Exactly! I'm in recovery.
And how am I supposed to know
what I'm capable of
if nobody gives me a chance?
I deserve a chance, Austin!
I'm ready to fight.
[Payson] So, that's
the floor compulsory,
and you'll end with a handspring
front one and a half twist.
And a round off back
one and a half punch front.
- Easy-peezy, right?
- For you maybe.
I've been on
vacation for six weeks.
You can do it.
And we'll be helping you
all the way.
And once Sasha sees
that you can and will
be ready for Worlds, he won't
hesitate to put you back on the
team.
OK, so how do we
go about this?
If Sasha sees me doing any
tricks in the gym, he'll flip.
Not if he's not there when you
do them. Like at night.
- I made a copy of Summer's key.
- [both laugh]
What if we get caught?
We apologize.
Sasha's making his
decision in two days,
we don't have a choice.
And it's not like we're
breaking in to party.
OK, um... [sighs]
- When do we start?
- Now.
Nobody should be there.
Let's go.
Pay, is that you?
[Kaylie chuckles] It sure is.
Who took it?
[Lauren] Max.
[chuckles]
[rock music]
* Follow the leader
Stay in the lines *
* What will people think of
what you've done this time? *
* Play it safe
Play by the rules *
* Or don't play at all
What if you lose? *
* That's not the secret
but I know what is *
* Everybody dies
but not everyone lives *
* I'm gonna run, run, run
Got the cops on my tail *
* I'm gonna live my life
like I'm out on bail *
* I'm gonna be up front
Gonna be the champ *
* I'm gonna, I'm gonna,
I'm gonna *
* I'm gonna cross that line
* I'm gonna run, run, run
I got the cops on my tail *
* I'm gonna be out front
Gonna be the champ *
* I'm gonna cross that line
* Run, run, run
Got the cops on my tail *
* I'm gonna live my life
like I'm out on bail *
* Gonna be out front
Gonna be the champ *
* I'm gonna, I'm gonna,
I'm gonna *
* I'm gonna cross that line *
[all sigh, moan]
Hey, did you happen to stop by
the Spruce Juice yet?
I, uh... no, I haven't.
[clears throat] Nice snapshot
at the Spruce Juice.
And by the way,
I totally understand
why you couldn't put up any
of the ones you took of me.
It's a family place.
Who else saw it?
Kaylie and Payson, although
she didn't seem too impressed.
But that's just Payson. She
doesn't have any artistic sense.
How are you feeling?
Well, except for my
excruciating skin tears
and throbbing muscles,
not bad.
I know, my knee
is killing me.
Can I talk to you,
please, alone?
Whatever you have to say to me,
you can say it in front of
Payson.
You were right. I have been
projecting my sister's illness
onto you
and the truth is,
she's not as strong as you are.
I'm sorry I got consumed
with trying to fix something
that isn't mine to fix
in the first place.
A big part of recovery
is having the support
of those people
who care about you.
And from now on,
you have mine.
Tr... Truce?
[chuckles]
Not to ruin this moment,
but if you want to support her,
we are hitting
the uneven bars tonight
and could really use
some spotters.
Payson and Lauren are helping me
get Sasha's compulsories down.
I need Sasha to see
that I deserve my spot back.
It's the only way
I'll make it to Worlds.
I'm in. What time?
Well, we gotta do it after the
place closes, so...
I just heard that Kaylie
and the other Rock girls
have been breaking into the gym
and training against your
guidance.
I don't want to see
Kaylie get hurt.
One wrong fall, in her
weakened condition,
and she could die.
All right,
back handspring layout.
Nice. Now, switch leap
and a punch front.
All right, end with
a double full dismount.
- Nice. Ready to hit floor?
- I need some water.
Why did you lie?
What?
About the photo?
If you hated it, that's one
thing, but why lie about it?
I don't have time for this,
OK? I need to focus on Kaylie
right now,
before Sasha makes
a horrible mistake.
And what kind of mistake
would that be?
Sasha, we can explain.
I'm waiting.
We're sorry that we went
behind your back,
but that's Kaylie's spot,
and you at least have to
give her a chance.
She's got all your compulsories
down, just let her show you.
You've not only put
yourselves at risk,
but you've blatantly
disrespected me.
Give me one
reason why I shouldn't kick you
all off the team right now?
Sasha, please.
It's not their fault.
They were just
trying to help.
I know I've made
bad decisions that
jeopardized your trust in me,
but give me a chance
to show you who I am now
and if you still
don't think I'm ready,
then I promise,
I'll accept it.
Do you think I am playing some
kind of game with you, Kaylie?
- Do you think I like
keeping you off the team?
- No.
Then you need to accept
that this decision
is no longer in your grasp.
All of you, get your stuff
and go home.
Really? You can't be serious...
It's only fair
you give her a chance.
It is her spot.
I will see one apparatus.
And one only.
You've got this.
Just trust yourself,
know who you are.
[Lauren sighs]
This is your gym and your sport.
Now, go own it.
[man] Trust yourself, Kaylie.
[both] Yes!
[Payson] You see?
You can't deny her now!
That was one of the cleanest,
sharpest performances on bars
- I have ever seen from you.
- Let me show you my vault
and beam.
- No.
- But, why? What's the problem?
The problem is that when I said
I didn't think you were ready
for Worlds,
I didn't just mean physically.
I also meant emotionally.
I... I don't understand.
I will not be responsible for
putting that level of pressure
on you.
I'm concerned for your
recovery and your ability
to pace yourself,
and as witnessed
by this little stunt,
you're not there yet.
My decision is final,
you will
not be going to Worlds.
I don't understand how Sasha
could take Kaylie's spot away.
You should have seen her, Mom,
she was really great.
Then I think you need to
remember that Sasha has
a plan for Kaylie,
just like
he had a plan for you.
What's really going on, Pay?
To do what we do,
we need each other.
And I tried so hard to get
Emily to believe in herself
and I lost her
and now, I just... I feel like
I'm losing Kaylie too.
Are you afraid you can't succeed
without your friends?
Every risk I take, every time
I put myself out there,
it's because I know
I have my team behind me.
They're not just friends,
Mom, they're my sisters.
And I feel like
Sasha's pulling us all apart.
I promise, this will
find its way.
Oh! So, in other news...
I just happened to be at
the Spruce Juice earlier
and I saw
a stunning photo of you.
- [growls]
- [laughs] What's wrong?
Can we please not have
this conversation?
I just want to know
how it made you feel?
I don't know, stupid
and embarrassed and...
And, what?
I don't know, kind of good,
I guess...
[laughs] I knew it!
Mom, I swear, if you don't
start beaming,
I will never talk to you
about boys ever again.
I'm stopping.
I'm trying, it's just...
You're always so serious
and focused,
it's good to see you act like
a normal teenage girl for once.
That's the problem, right there.
I'm not a normal teenage girl.
And I am terrified because
of what happened to Emily.
Liking a boy, having sex, that
means giving up on gymnastics
and I won't do that,
I can't... I can't do that.
Honey, you're allowed
to admire a boy who admires you
without your whole world
falling apart.
You're not Emily, Payson.
[knocking]
Oh, look at this dress,
isn't it gorgeous?
[Summer] It's very beautiful.
And very expensive.
Oh, price is no object.
Daddy's paying.
We can make an
appointment this weekend...
Listen, Lauren,
we need to talk.
OK... but me first.
There's something I've been
thinking about for a while
and, well...
I want you to legally adopt me.
What?
Why should you be my stepmom
when you can be my real mom?
Since...
I don't have one anymore.
Lauren, I'm so moved
that you would want that,
I don't know what to say.
Say, yes!
Well, of course
but I think we
should discuss it with your
father when he gets home.
Oh, I know he'll say yes.
This is so great!
You're going
to be my mother.
[man] Gymnastics
is an extreme sport.
The adrenaline in taking risks
can be addictive to a gymnast.
[sighs deeply] Which can lead to
poor judgment.
And it's my job
to not let that happen.
It's also your job to push them
to the edge of their limits.
Nobody wins a gold medal erring
on the side of caution.
And you think that's what
I'm doing with Kaylie,
erring on the
side of caution?
I think Kaylie is mentally
prepared to compete at Worlds.
And if I thought doing so
would compromise her recovery
in any way
I wouldn't have asked you
to come here today.
I appreciate that you're her
therapist, but I'm her coach.
And Kaylie became anorexic
on my watch.
And Payson broke her back
and Emily got pregnant.
And that all happened
because teenagers keep secrets
from their parents
and their coaches.
I'm not taking Kaylie
to Worlds.
That's your call.
But I would just ask you
to consider
if you are protecting Kaylie
or punishing her
because you feel like you failed
to do the impossible?
The impossible?
To read her mind.
To predict the future.
To catch her before she fell.
Kaylie Cruz will be in recovery
for the rest of her life.
But that doesn't mean
she can't strive for greatness.
If you let her.
Thank you.
Now if you'll excuse me,
I came here for Kaylie,
not to be analyzed.
[Lauren] Sasha? In therapy?
I wish I could have been
a fly on that wall.
I don't think it went well.
Gene didn't sound optimistic.
Then we focus
on the next thing,
- the Olympics.
- Come on, Payson,
you know without going
to Worlds,
I'm pretty much signing off
on the Olympics.
Well, this year
it'll be different.
Because we're not
going to London without you.
It must be hard, seeing your
spot being snatched away
but maybe it's
for the best, Kaylie.
You never know when
you might snap again.
It must be hard...
being such an obnoxious bitch.
Oh, but you make it so easy.
And in just a few moments,
when Sasha announces Tessa
as Kaylie's replacement,
my girls on the team
will outnumber yours,
and I'll be the captain
of the US Team at Worlds.
Who cares? You still
won't be able to play Sasha.
I already have.
Who do you think told him about
your secret training sessions?
Can the National Team
members please come here.
After observing
these past few days,
I've come to a decision
about the girls
I would like
to stay on with Worlds
and vie for the open spot.
Out with the old,
in with the new.
- Tessa Grande.
- [squeals]
And... Annie Dillon.
- And Kaylie Cruz.
- [girls gasp, chatter]
- You did it, Kaylie!
- [Kelly] What!?
You said two girls were staying!
Did I? Now it's three.
Look, I'm sorry I lied
about seeing your photo
at the Spruce Juice.
Because you didn't like it?
No. Because I was embarrassed,
I guess.
It's really beautiful,
I can't even believe...
It's you?
I know I'm pretty,
blah blah blah.
I just...
I don't know what you want.
I want you to know it's you
I'm interested in, not Lauren.
Max, I'm sorry, I just...
It's OK if you don't like me.
No, no, that's the problem, I...
I do like you and I just...
I can't risk
screwing up my gymnastics
because I get all wrapped up
in someone else.
I... I just can't do it.
I understand.
[sighs]
It sounds to me what you need
is a supportive friend,
and I'm like the best friend
ever. Just ask Austin.
I am the wind beneath
his big arrogant wings.
Thanks. Friend.
- I'll see you tomorrow.
- OK.
What are you doing?
What you should have done
a long time ago.
I closed everything down,
except the one overhead light.
Thank you. I'll take care of it
when I leave.
And I'm sorry about Lauren
making a copy of my key,
- that won't happen again.
- Worse things have happened.
There's one more thing...
Um, I guess I've been looking
for the right time to tell you,
but I don't know that there
will ever be a right time, so...
I'm engaged. To Steve.
Um... Congratulations.
[soft rock]
* There's somebody, somewhere
It's sinking in *
* Life'll never...
[door closes]
* An hour ago
there was nothing wrong *
* Now someone's wondering how
they're gonna go home *
* Maybe you're looking out
the window at a traffic light *
* Wondering how you'll ever
make it through the first
night *
* Wish I could reach you
* From down the road
to let you know that *
* We'll be OK
* It won't feel this way
* Someday
[all] Surprise!
[all laughing, chattering]
* Wondering what to say
or how to be *
* But I think that
it'll be OK *
* Someday
* Someday *